smalloc-ffi-windows-heap-api/README.md, before:

* go back and prune out unused System* functions that smalloc doesn't need to use after all

MUST implement (for correctness & safety):

☐ GetProcessHeap- return smalloc sentinel handle
☐ HeapAlloc- main allocation
   Return value has to be >=8-byte-aligned (https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/windows/win32/api/heapapi/nf-heapapi-heapalloc).
☐ HeapFree- main deallocation
☐ HeapReAlloc- reallocation
☐ HeapSize- query allocation size
☐ HeapValidate- could be called with process heap handle
☐ HeapLock- could be called with process heap handle
☐ HeapUnlock- could be called with process heap handle
☐ HeapCompact- could be called with process heap handle
☐ HeapWalk- could be called with process heap handle
☐ HeapSetInformation- could be called with process heap handle
☐ HeapQueryInformation- could be called with process heap handle
☐ GetProcessHeaps- enumerates heaps (can forward)

Do NOT need to implement (just forward):

❌HeapCreate- returns a different heap, not ours
❌HeapDestroy- operates on different heaps -- will not be called on the default process heap (or if it is, the resulting corruption or crash is someone else's fault, and would have happened anyway without smalloc)

Commit message:

smalloc-ffi-windows-api: another round of Claude Sonnet 4.5 and then me editing this
It's still not at all complete or correct.

smalloc-ffi-windows-heap-api/README.md, after:

Document warning about incompatibility of smalloc-ffi-windows-heap-api with `HeapReAlloc` with
`HEAP_ZERO_MEMORY`. This could be a significant limitation for some user code.

* go back and prune out unused System* functions that smalloc doesn't need to use after all

MUST implement (for correctness & safety):

☐ GetProcessHeap- return smalloc sentinel handle
☐ HeapAlloc- main allocation
   Return value has to be >=8-byte-aligned (https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/windows/win32/api/heapapi/nf-heapapi-heapalloc).
☐ HeapFree- main deallocation
☐ HeapReAlloc- reallocation
☐ HeapSize- query allocation size
☐ HeapValidate- could be called with process heap handle
☐ HeapLock- could be called with process heap handle
☐ HeapUnlock- could be called with process heap handle
☐ HeapCompact- could be called with process heap handle
☐ HeapWalk- could be called with process heap handle
☐ HeapSetInformation- could be called with process heap handle
☐ HeapQueryInformation- could be called with process heap handle
☐ GetProcessHeaps- enumerates heaps (can forward)

Do NOT need to implement (just forward):

❌HeapCreate- returns a different heap, not ours
❌HeapDestroy- operates on different heaps -- will not be called on the default process heap (or if it is, the resulting corruption or crash is someone else's fault, and would have happened anyway without smalloc)
